W-20282179-rtf-2.11-remove-following-kt (#1602)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/include-deploy-resource-allocation.adoc

== Application Performance

> The resources allocated to your Mule application determine the application's performance. These table lists approximate values for throughput based on the total number of vCPU cores allocated for a single Mule application performing simple processing on a 10-KB payload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resources allocated to your Mule application determine the application's performance. These tables list approximate values for throughput based on the total number of vCPU cores allocated for a single Mule application performing simple processing on a 10-KB payload:
```

A load generator based on C++, which has better efficiency in SSL connections was used to yield the maximum throughput.

> These table summarizes the approximate requests (averaging 10 KB) that can be served with a single replica of the internal load balancer, based on the number of CPU cores. In most cases, Elliptical Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) provides double the performance of a 2K RSA key. Supported curves are secp521r1 (P-521), secp384r1 (P-384), and secp256r1, also known as prime256v1 (P-256).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tables summarize the approximate requests (averaging 10 KB) that can be served with a single replica of the internal load balancer, based on the number of CPU cores. In most cases, Elliptical Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) provides double the performance of a 2K RSA key. Supported curves are secp521r1 (P-521), secp384r1 (P-384), and secp256r1, also known as prime256v1 (P-256).
```

== Calculating CPU Cores on Runtime Fabric

CPU cores affect some thread pool settings and default max concurrency in Mule runtime engine.

> For example, Mule runtime engine 4.4 uses these formula in `{MULE_HOME}/conf/scheduler-pools.conf` to calculate the thread pool size, which relies on the predefined cores parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, Mule runtime engine 4.4 uses this formula in `{MULE_HOME}/conf/scheduler-pools.conf` to calculate the thread pool size, which relies on the predefined cores parameters.
```
